Describe Flux vs Lux (#653)
SciML/NeuralPDE.jl: docs/src/index.md

}
```

## Flux.jl vs Lux.jl

Both Flux and Lux defined neural networks are supported by NeuralPDE.jl. However, Lux.jl neural networks are greatly preferred for many
correctness reasons. Particularly, a Flux `Chain` does not respect Julia's type promotion rules. This causes major problems in that
the restructuring of a Flux neural network will not respect the chosen types from the solver. Demonstration:

```julia
using Flux, Tracker
x = [0.8; 0.8]
ann = Chain(Dense(2, 10, tanh), Dense(10, 1))
p, re = Flux.destructure(ann)
z = re(Float64(p))
```

> While one may thing this recreates the neural network to act in `Float64` precsion, [it does not](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/pull/2156)

Author: ```suggestion
While one may think this recreates the neural network to act in `Float64` precision, [it does not](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/pull/2156)
```
